\documentclass{report}

\begin{document}
\section*{Valediction}

Ms Hutson, Deacon Iannarino, Mr Urquhart, faculty, parents, friends and fellow
classmates, I welcome you. And at this, the day on which we celebrate our
graduation, I say goodbye. As we the class of two thousand fourteen bid our
loving mother farewell, we turn our sights to new endeavors and begin to select
for ourselves a new home in the world.

Our graduation from high school marks a time of many and wonderful changes in
our lives. Of the many changes which might mark a young person's life, none can
match the distinction held by his passage into adulthood, the same transition
marked by our celebration today. Our many years of schooling and
extracurriculars, our stress in the face of exams and our anticipation of
college decisions have all come to pass and their consequence now pales in light
of the journey ahead. 

We now enter the world with a new and excellent credential: we can now call
ourselves Watterson graduates. To be sure, graduation is a day of significance
in any young person's life, but we the graduating class of Bishop Watterson
High School are today endowed with something even grander: we now go forth into
the world equipped with a Watterson degree. This degree is the key into college
for many of us, and a workforce-credential for those of us taking different
paths, but more importantly, it is a symbol of our time spent in these halls,
the formative years which we spent in the nurturing environment of Watterson.
These years were marked by our growth as individuals, our coming together as a
community, and our development into the fruitful leaders and moral role models
who now take the stage as graduates.

These four years have been perhaps the most formative of our lives. We who
entered as a group of meek freshman, largely unfamiliar to one another, now
exit a tight-knit community, with friendships that will last a lifetime. Even
beyond the walls of Watterson, high school tends to catch its students at a
time of rapid change. In these past four years we transformed from middle
schoolers into adults. We were faced with two hundred strangers, and we managed
to find for ourselves a group with whom we could enjoy these years. We took the
roads as licensed drivers and for the first time, the world now felt a little
smaller. And now, as we go forth into the world and continue to grow, this
whole world will begin to feel within reach.

\end{document}

